ECS chapter for new book (#182)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/learn/book/ecs/systems-queries/_index.md

## Queries that return one entity

When we have a query that we *know* will always return a single entity, iterating over the query tends to result in unclear code.
To get around this, we can use [`Query::single()`](https://docs.rs/bevy/0.5.0/bevy/ecs/system/struct.Query.html#method.single) and [`Query::single_mut()`](https://docs.rs/bevy/0.5.0/bevy/ecs/system/struct.Query.html#method.single_mut), depending on whether or not we need to mutate the returned data.

Note that these functions return a `Result`: if you expect this could fail in real scenarios (in case the query does not contain exactly one entity), handle the result properly.
Otherwise, just call `let (component_a, component_b) = query.single().unwrap()` to make use of the data quickly.

## Looking up specific entities

Each entity in our ECS data storages has a unique identifier, given by its [`Entity`](https://docs.rs/bevy/0.5.0/bevy/ecs/entity/struct.Entity.html), which defines the entity in terms of a `u32` [`id`](https://docs.rs/bevy/0.5.0/bevy/ecs/entity/struct.Entity.html#method.id) and a `u32` [`generation`](https://docs.rs/bevy/0.5.0/bevy/ecs/entity/struct.Entity.html#method.generation).

> We can fetch the `Entity` of each entity returned by our queries by including it in the first type parameter of `Query`:

Author: The semantics aren't quite adequate there: you can't put it in the filtering position. I'll clarify the wording though.

> We can fetch the `Entity` of each entity returned by our queries by including it in the first type parameter of `Query`:

Reviewer: Mention that its convention to put the `Entity` first.
```suggestion
We can fetch the `Entity` of each entity returned by our queries by including it as a type parameter of `Query` (By convention it is placed as the first parameter):
```
